Specialty notes
	overkill:
		A skill that increases melee damage

			Leveling up by damaging an entity (player, zombie, animal)
		by using a melee


	sharpshooter:
		A skill that increases weapon stability

			Same as overkill, but increased by using a ranged weapon. Also can level up by
		popping a tire.


	dexterity:
		A skill that increases reloading/hammering speed

			You can increase it by crafting. You can also increase it by reloading a gun (only if the mag swapped
		is the empty ones)


	cardio:
		A skill that increases stamina and oxygen regeneration speed
		
			Can be increased by regenerating stamina, or regenerating oxygen


	exercise:
		A skill that increase movement speed and reduce stamina use

			Increased only by using stamina


	diving:
		A skill that reduce oxygen use and increase swimming speed, also reduce scope sway

			Increased by reducing oxygen, a plus when swimming


	parkour:
		A skill that increases jump height, and also reduce stamina use

			Increased by jumping
	


defense:
	sneakybeaky:
		A skill that increases stealth
			
			Increased by alerting a zombie or animal, while trying to go as close as possible. Or by
		crouching or proning while moving


	vitality:
		A skill that increases health regeneration speed 

			Increased by reduced food and thirst while maintaining those values above a certain value
		(only increased if food and thirst are above certain value at the same time)


	immunity:
		A skill that increases immunity
		
			Increased by increasing immunity, or by maintaining the value below treshold


	toughness:
		A skill that lessen flinch and pain effects

			Increased by losing health, plus if bleeding and/or fractured bone.


	strength:
		A skill that increases bleeding and fractured bone recovery speed. Also reduce fall damage.

			Same as toughness. And can be increased by reducing health by fall damage


	warmblooded:
		A skill that increase freezing endurance

			Increased by being in a cold place


	survival:
		A skill that use less food and water

			Increased by maintaining food and water in a certain value



support:
	healing:
		A skill that increase healing items efficiency

			Increased by using medical items


	crafting:
		A skill for aceessing advanced blueprints

			Increased by crating stuff (food stuffs not included)


	outdoors:
		For increasing wood chopping efficiency

			Increased by damaging resources. Can be increased by killing animals


	cooking:
		A skill for getting more quality food recipes

			Increased by preparing foods


	fishing:
		A skill for efficiently catching fish

			Increased by fishing (still have no clue how to do this, no API's event for this)


	agriculture:
		A skill for efficiently harvest crops

			Increased by harvesting and by crafting farming stuff
			

	mechanic:
		A skill for efficiently repairing stuff
		
			Increased by repairing vehicles


	engineer:
		A skill for acquiring more advanced blueprints

			Same as mechanic, but not with buildings. Also can be increased by crafting certain items


Note to self:
	Ticks used for the experience that updated when a value going above or below certain threshold.
Since the experience uses integer, not floating point, the experience will be updated when the
value isn't in the threshold area.

	When watching if some items are used/planted/anything else, always check if the item is dropped
first or taken by player, so it knows that the player doesn't taking or removing it. As for changing
item placement or sorting it, the API basically uses removing then adding events. First suggestion to
counter this is by checking the time from last event. If the last event is too fast (as if the
program does it) then it will not count as taking an item. Lastly, to counter false checking because
of admin giving an item to a player, the least thing to try is checking if the item is in batch or
not. There's no other way as of now.