This is a list of skill description and how to level up.

NOTE: The description might be wrong as the configuration of the plugin lies in the hand of the admins. Since the state of the plugin is still in development (this is half or even less of it), expect some bugs, weird user experience, frequent game mechanic changes.

ALSO NOTE: Just ignore when a popup tells "Experience +N", the plugin will not giving you normal exp as of now since its main feature is to leveling up by player's actions

ALSO ALSO NOTE: "Certain value" (on some skill) will be based on admin, so ask them about it


	overkill:
		A skill that increases melee damage

			Leveling up by damaging an entity (player, zombie, animal) by using a melee


	sharpshooter:
		A skill that increases weapon stability

			Same as overkill, but increased by using a ranged weapon. Also can level up by popping a tire.


	dexterity:
		A skill that increases reloading/hammering speed

			You can increase it by crafting (ammo and supplies excluded). You can also increase it by reloading a gun (only if the mag swapped is the empty ones)


	cardio:
		A skill that increases stamina and oxygen regeneration speed
		
			Can be increased by regenerating stamina, or regenerating oxygen


	exercise:
		A skill that increase movement speed and reduce stamina use

			Increased only by using stamina


	diving:
		A skill that reduce oxygen use and increase swimming speed, also reduce scope sway

			Increased by reducing oxygen, a plus when swimming


	parkour:
		A skill that increases jump height, and also reduce stamina use

			Increased by sprinting (no jumping because of haven't figured a way to do this)
	


defense:
	sneakybeaky:
		A skill that increases stealth
			
			Increased by alerting a zombie or animal, while trying to go as close as possible.


	vitality:
		A skill that increases health regeneration speed 

			Increased by reduced food and thirst while maintaining those values (ask the admin) above a certain value (only increased if food and thirst are above certain value at the same time) 


	immunity:
		A skill that increases immunity
		
			Increased by increasing immunity (using pills or vaccines), or by maintaining the value (ask the admin) below treshold


	toughness:
		A skill that lessen flinch and pain effects

			Increased by losing health, plus if bleeding and/or fractured bone.


	strength:
		A skill that increases bleeding and fractured bone recovery speed. Also reduce fall damage.

			Same as toughness. And can be increased by reducing health by fall damage


	warmblooded:
		A skill that increase freezing endurance

			Increased by being in a cold place


	survival:
		A skill that use less food and water

			Increased by maintaining food and water in a certain value (ask the admin)



support:
	healing:
		A skill that increase healing items efficiency

			Increased by healing, aiding player, or crafting a medical items


	crafting:
		A skill for aceessing advanced blueprints

			Increased by crating stuff (food, ammo, and supplies excluded)


	outdoors:
		For increasing wood chopping efficiency

			Increased by damaging resources. Can be increased by killing animals


	cooking:
		A skill for getting more quality food recipes

			Increased by preparing foods


	fishing:
		A skill for efficiently catching fish

			Increased with outdoors exp (no API event for fishing, seeking for alternatives)


	agriculture:
		A skill for efficiently harvest crops

			Increased by harvesting and by crafting farming stuff
			

	mechanic:
		A skill for efficiently repairing stuff
		
			Increased by repairing vehicles


	engineer:
		A skill for acquiring more advanced blueprints

			Same as mechanic, but not with buildings. Also can be increased by crafting (ammo and supplies excluded)

			The list of type of items that included when crafting:
				Guns
				Sights
				Barrels
				Tactical
				Throwables
				Tools
				Optics
				Traps
				Generators
				Fishers
				Beacons
				Tanks
				Charges
				Sentries
				Detonators
				Filters
				VEHICLE_REPAIR_TOOL
				Oil pumps
				Compasses

			Don't know where does makeshifts lies in the Unturned item types